- Aah!
So it's tech news you want?
Well, my isolation beard
and I are happy to oblige,
aren't you Francis?
Microsoft has taken the
wraps off of a plethora
of new surface devices.
The Surface Book 3 uses
the same basic hardware
as the Surface Book 2 with
a 13 and 15 inch version.
But it's now powered
by Intel 10th Gen CPUs
and NVIDIA 16 series
GPUs and starts at 15.99.
The Surface Go 2 also shares
the original's basic design
but has a 10.5 inch
screen with thinner bezels
replacing the original 10 inch one.
It's also got brand spanking new,
blazing fast, Pentium Gold
and Core m3 processor options
starting at just 3.99.
But weirdly the products
that might just be
the most exciting are the
new Surface Headphones 2
and Surface Earbuds.
The headphones now come in matte black
with improved battery life and
Bluetooth 5.0 for 250 bucks.
While the Earbuds go for 1.99
with 24 hours of battery life
and fancy new touch controls.
You can even advance
PowerPoint slides with them.
Get excited gamers!
Facebook is busy working on a new version
of the wildly popular
Oculus Quest VR Headset.
Multiple iterations of the
product are in development
but some key targets for it's design
reportedly include a smaller form factor.
Yes!
Faster refresh rate, double yes!
And new controllers, nah, the
controllers were all right.
Rather than a straight up sequel,
this headset might be
a supplementary entry
into the company's VR lineup,
something like a Quest S.
Oculus was originally planning
on releasing the device this year,
but it looks like the impact of COVID-19,
may delay its launch to 2021.
The original Oculus Quest
has been selling out
virtually every time it gets restocked.
So this new headset
can't come soon enough.
Although there is no guarantee
that it will make me look any cooler
when I'm playing Beat Saber,
to anyone who's watching
in the real world.
In other Facebook news,
the company is taking another swing
at providing basic internet
to the developing world.
The Discover app will
provide users with free
low bandwidth data to load website text
while avoiding more
resource intensive elements
like video and audio.
The app is launching
it's first trial in Peru
with further expansion
planned in Thailand,
the Philippines and Iraq.
Facebook tried something similar to this
in its Free Basics program in India
before the country banned it in 2016
for violating its net neutrality rules.
Maybe Facebook can convince
these other countries
that it just wants to
provide free internet
out of the goodness of its heart
and not because it feeds on people's data
like Sarlacc feeds on Boba Fett.
Boba Fett, excuse me, sorry (coughs).
Now it's time for the back crack
brought to you by Brilliant.
Whether you're a student
looking to get ahead,
a professional brushing
up on cutting edge topics,
or some other category of
potentially really smart person.
You should check out Brilliant's
thought-provoking math, science
and computer science content.
They help guide you to mastery
by breaking complex concepts
into bite sized chunks.
Check out the mathematical
fundamentals course
which introduces the foundational
ideas of number theory,
logic, and algebra through
creative challenges.
The first 200 of you who go
to Brilliant.org/TechLinked
will get 20% off on annual
premium subscription.
So click the link below to check it out.
The back cracks, I hear
them everywhere, everywhere!
Lenovo is planning to release
a pretty BA gaming phone
and we know that because it leaked.
According to XDA Developers,
the Legion Gaming Phone
has a 144 hertz display, 90 watt charging
and a pop-up camera on its side.
So that it will be at the top,
when you're playing
games in landscape mode
and you wanna like stream or whatever.
The rear camera module is also
in the middle of its back,
for some reason and it looks weird,
and for that reason I want it,
actually I don't but look cool.
Volvo says it's building cars
with built-in LIDAR sensors
for mass production.
Thanks to its partner company Luminar,
which can produce LIDAR modules
for less than a thousand bucks.
They normally cost around 70,000,
which is why they haven't been plumped
into every consumer vehicle
up until this point.
Is Volvo about to overtake Tesla
in self-driving capability?
I guess Elon has been too
busy coming up with confusing
baby names to address this threat.
But he'll get back to it soon enough.
Valorant's annoying
anti-cheat program, Vanguard,
has been bricking some
player's mice and keyboards.
(exclaims) more good news.
If reports on Reddit
are anything to go by,
it appears that Vanguard is
using its kernel-level access
to disable mouse and
keyboard control software,
because it thinks those
apps are for cheating.
Which I guess is fair enough.
But what's also fair, is me just deciding
not to play Valorant anymore.
Checkmate.
And Microsoft is basically
begging to be hacked.
No, but really.
The company has launched
a Bug Bounty Program,
inviting hackers to
break into the company's
custom Linux OS called Azure Sphere.
Discovery of a dangerous
exploit could net you $100,000.
It's kinda like the hacky
equivalent of Morpheus doing that,
like a, you know, by beckon thing.
And finally NASA is working
with Tom Cruise of all people,
in an effort to shoot a movie on board
The International Space Station.
The first time a fictional film
would actually be shot in space.
Actually, that makes perfect sense,
'cause he's just kind of
crazy enough to do it.
I don't know if there's even
an idea for the movie yet.
It might just be Tom Cruise
flying around the ISS,
yelling about how he does his own stunts,
but (laughs) I'd pay to
see that, wouldn't you?
All right that's enough
tech news for today.
Come back on Friday for more tech news.
For now Francis and I need to get back
to our daily nap and snuggle session.
That was tiring, wasn't it little guy?